If you start to build out the application,
don't you have to toss these modes or
can you adapt them as you go?
>> So the question is,
as we start to build out the application,
do we toss out the modes or
do we adapt them?
And the answer is absolutely
you can adapt them.
And as you saw it's very,
very easy when you have a mold.
So again one of the most important
things is that if we don't
repeat ourselves and
we have a canonical source of truth.
When we change that source of truth,
it should update everything,
that is downstream, from that.
And so when you change a template,
then in my case,
I'd be like, well,
we need to change this slightly.
So let's say there was some kind
of a naming convention that,
I needed to redo the way
that we did our API.
So like a very, very common example
would be this like, let's say,
depending on the layer that this
needed to have like a v1 in it.
Well, how hard you think it is for
me to update that?
I'm just gonna go into
the service generator.
I'm gonna go down here, and
I'm gonna do something like this.
Then I'm gonna go back and hopefully,
you'll see here now we have v1.
All I had to do was adapt the template
regenerate the layer and drop it back in.
And so I think the next question somebody
would ask rightly so is well, what if?
What about the pieces that
you can't throw away?
And I would say isolate those pieces.
In abstract those into a single place so
that everything else is conventional and
you can throw it away.
For instance if you look at this service
here I believe you'll notice here that
there's nothing stateful about this,
is well,
this there's no business logic
in this particular service.
The reason being is this
service has one job,
and that is communicating
with the server.
And whatever's returned back,
it returns it to whoever asked for
that operation to be done.
So there's nothing in
here that is stateful.
There's nothing in here
that contains any logic.
And so this is very much a candidate for,
being an immutable layer,
because I can throw it away.
I can regenerate it.
And, because this does
one very specific thing,
this allows me to do this.
And so this is why, I will say this,
I think angular, has done a better job,
of creating clearer, and
well defined layers.
That within the Angular community,
it's very, very kind of clear,
and there's guidance on how to do
certain things that, this goes here,
this goes here, separate this out,
especially with NX.
That it's very easy for
me to have very thin razor thin layers for
every little thing.
Here's my selectors, here's my effects,
here's my reducers,
here's my service layer,
here's my graph SQL schemas etc,
with react.
It's hard for me to find a canonical
sense of like this is how you do react.
As well as, philosophically
the idea of that you kind of self
contained everything into
a single kind of a file.
Or into a single place seems to be
a little bit more predominant is
that things should be more portable,
which is not a deal breaker by any means.
It just means that you have to be a little
bit more sensitive to how you generate
the code when you're doing
something like react.
So this idea that within react that
you're mixing declarative markup,
and imperative logic in their in
a single component file not a problem.
But I do believe it diminishes
somebody's ability to generate
kind of a slice of that.
Because you might have
a details component for
courses that is different
than maybe like a list.
And if you don't have the ability to
segment out that logic that drives that
presentation later It can be tricky.
Now, with that said,
I do appreciate the fact that at
least everything that I've
read within react is that,
they definitely favor very small,
very specific components.
So I think there's a kind of the seminal
perennial like article around,
you know, having a component mindset.
And I agree with that is that they
slice it a little bit differently but
when you have these appropriate slices,
throw a slice away regenerate it and
you're good to go.
And this is what I think
having very clean layers of
clean abstractions will afford you.
>> Instead of overwrite, you're always
replacing rather than mutating.
>> Exactly, so replace,
that's immutable versus mutate.
>> Would you generate tests
alongside this generated code?
>> So question is what I generate test
alongside the generated code, and
the answer is absolutely.
Because, if you have
a series of components,
that are conventionally equivalent.
And you want to test for
instance, well, I'll say this,
is that contextually,
my components do very, very little.
But let's say you have a container
component, that I want to check that
when this particular event happens
that I'm issuing this command.
Or I'm calling this method on this facade.
And that's going to happen
the same pretty much for
every component within the layer in so
as a result I can
infer what the test is for
every one of those components.
So I absolutely will generate test for
the things that I know.
So again,
when you start to look at your code,
you start to do pattern recognition.
It's really interesting how
close conventional things are.
But because we think of these vertically,
we never like, I don't know,
a lot of people.
I don't think that they set, and they put
five component specs next to each other,
and they're like, how close are these?
And it's not that you would eliminate
them, because it's not duplication,
it's convention.
But you would say these
are conventionally exactly the same.
What if I just created and so
a lot of times what people do
is they create a code snippet.
And so this is why you have code
snippet extensions for VS code.
But they know like, because they haven't
thought about like, well, what if I
could just write a small thing everything
that we've done here is in stack Blitz,
this is in the cloud.
This is about as I think, is,
I don't want to say low tech, but
there's very little ceremony and
dependencies around what we're doing.
I'm in a browser and
I'm just writing some code like there's
nothing sophisticated about this.
And so this is where again,
if you've ever used good templates,
like code snippets or whatever,
you appreciate the velocity that gets you.
But, I want to challenge you, to realize
that how to do this everybody does.
If you know how to write
a reduce function.
And how to work array.split array.join
there's no reason why you can't
build a full fledged code generator and
be 10 times faster.
>> How would a project develop from the
design of the domain models to deployment.
>> A portion of what I
have done here today and
interestingly enough
the first this was originally
going to be called
Domain Driven Development Patterns.
And there's certainly an element
of that here I think the extension
of this is I realized like what
I'm talking about is a precursor
to what is a very well established
practice of domain driven development.
But this leads me into
a demo that I set up.
This is in the readme, but
we will transition to that.
So perfect segue in to domain driven
design, development and event storming.